hi guys it's alexa today i'm going to be
doing the half moon manicure which is
forties inspired and has been seen on
many celebrities such as rihanna and
dita von teese it's sort of like the
reversed French manicure using
contrasting colors and I find it's
really fun for summer the first step is
to prep the nails with a base coat this
helps your manicure stay on longer and
it protects your nails from staining
once that is dried you're going to apply
a coat of the color you want to use for
your half moon I chose a sheer nude
color but I wish I had chosen an opaque
color use whatever colors that you like
together just make sure that their
contrasting
once that has dried you can proceed with
the sticker guides I'm using French
manicure strip stickers but you can use
whole guards on every move
choose a contrasting color to apply to
the tips I'm using L'Oreal number 420
and ragin Cajun
gently pull off the stickers once the
nail polish has dried once it has dried
seal off everything with a top coat
that's also going to help your manicure
stay on longer in this video I've been
using a base and top coat from beorgis
we'll trucks
I hope you enjoyed this tutorial tell me
if you've worn the Halfmoon manicure
before and if you have any color
combination recommendations thanks for
watching guys and see you later bye